Add `discover_imports` in conf, don't collect imported classes named Test* closes #12749` (#12810)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12749.feature.rst

> Add :confval:`discover_imports`, when disabled (default) will make sure to not consider classes which are imported by a test file and starts with Test.

Reviewer: Nice, changelog entry.

We also need to add documentation for that confval in `reference.rst`.

I'm not sure about the name too, but at the moment I don't have another suggestion (however we really should strive to find a more appropriate name).

Author: treat_imports_as_tests?
imports_are_tests?
crawl_imports?

Reviewer: As per [my ](https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest/pull/12810#issuecomment-2348621005), perhaps we should focus on being more "strict" about what we collect from modules.

`collect_?something? = "all"/"local-only"`

But we should wait to see what other maintainers think.

Author: Alright, now after a some hours (more than id like to admit) I now have something that works. Both for functions and classes. Let me know how we wanna handle the toggle of the feature. Have a good weekend!

> Add :confval:`collect_imported_tests`, when enabled (default is disabled) will make sure to not consider classes/functions which are imported by a test file and contains Test/test_*/*_test.

Reviewer: As per my comment, this description needs an update:

```suggestion
New :confval:`collect_imported_tests`: when enabled (the default) pytest will collect classes/functions in test modules even if they are imported from another file.

Setting this to True will make pytest collect classes/functions from test files only if they are defined in that file (as opposed to imported there).
```

Also, we should describe this option in https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest/blob/main/doc/en/reference/reference.rst in a new `.. conf-val::` block.
